*  In rwi.stats and any place a correlation is calculated, offer an argument to
   to specify which correlation method (e.g., spearman).

*  In detrend(method=“ModNegExp”) there should be a verbose option that writes 
   how each series was handled including the parameters of the model.

o [mvkorpel] Look at Rd page for rwl.stats. Is there a way to not include
  dots as an argument to summary.rwl? The function rwl.stats() doesn't use
  dots. But I can't leave them out of the \usage section or R CMD check 
  complains.

o [mvkorpel] Fix the sty file so that Sweave code adheres to the margins. And
  what is the best way to make the figure widths take up the text width?
  In addition to my many other failings, I'm not great at LaTeX!

o [mvkorpel] Write a MAKEFILE for vignettes that removes any of the temp files 
  that get produced when typesetting the vignette pdf? The tex files, etc.
  I've been compiling the vignettes in Rstudio which leaves a lot of junk
  behind when it's done.

* Improve the help file for series.rho.

* Decide when to use class('rwl') in functions dealing with rwl objects.
  Other than the plot and summary S3Method for rwl, are there cases when 
  having that class would be useful. E.g., in error checking?

- Consider the benefits and drawbacks of creating classes for chonologies. 
  One benefit would be an S3 plot method for chronologies.

* Add 'prewhiten' as a detrending method.
  It would be nice to have a prewhitening option to detrend.series
  (and therefore dentrend) that returns white noise 
  This could be as easy as:
    y <- detrend.series(x, method="Mean")
    y <- ar.func(y)
    return(y)

* Dummy item
   This is a sample item.

- Sub-item
   Any number of sub-items can be added.

o [mvkorpel] Another dummy item
   This one shows how to mark a to-do item as assigned to somebody.
   By default, this seems to show the user's login name.  The notation
   is from todoo.el, an Emacs mode for editing TODO files.  Using the
   mode, it is easy to reorder and hide / show items.  Also in the
   mode, headings of items and sub-items are automatically
   highlighted.  It should be easy enough to adhere to the format even
   if the text editor does not support it.

